Hardly can a teacher say no to the highly active class in which students are all attracted by the teaching and learning stuff. To achieve this, several alternatives are raised and I insist that filling the gap between textbook and real life is the key method applied by teachers. 

Some schools regard state-of-the-art devices as facilitator to teaching where computers or other latest devices are often provided to raise students’interest. Some other schools also believe that the problem could be solved by students-centered projects. They count on in-class group work to activate the class.  However, the advanced technologies end up with disappointment. Students’interest is stimulated for only short time and soon run out. When the mathematic teacher showed all the formular details on the screens of students’individual ipad, they did at first change a little due to the fancy mode. And they started following teacher’s instruction but went back to the ordinary state since the actual boredom of calculating was not changed at all. In that class also, students were divided into groups to work on small projects. However, the exchange of ideas was not productive at all as many of them often distract when talking nonsense.

Instead, there is the smarter way. Similar as the mathematics, history is an uninteresting course for most students but the method tried by my high school teacher of History is more effective in involving students. Unlike the endless reading plain textbooks, his class is full of sparkles and shining points as he often cites the actual events happened in our city with that in the books. When the descriptions and recounts in the textbook are vivid in surroundings, many of us became intrigued even wanted to learn more in the class. In his unique way to interpret the tedious ideas, many of the historical events were like the recent experiences through which students became interested. Through this instance, I am persuaded that when students is able to bridge the gap,  the knowledge becomes their own experience. The feel of authenticity is the inspiration that motivates students to learn. The same approach is also feasible for other courses. 

Engaging students in class leaning sounds like a tough job. However, once the plain knowledge from textbooks is applied to practical life, students’ attention will be successfully caught. 
